Add AGENTS.md and CLAUDE.md, repair issue templates, fix chip size in README (#82)
ultralytics/yolo: README.md

## Training Details

> During each training epoch, one randomly sampled 800x800 pixel chip is extracted from each full-resolution image and processed in batches of 8 (`-img_size` defaults to 32 x 25 = 800 and `-batch_size` to 8). On hardware like an Nvidia GTX 1080 Ti, you can typically complete around 100 epochs per day.

Reviewer: 💡 **MEDIUM**: This reverses the dataset behavior. `ListDataset.__next__()` iterates `for j in range(8)` for every selected source image, so each selected image produces eight chips, not one. With the default `-batch_size 8`, a loader iteration returns 64 chips, and `train.py` then splits those into optimization batches of 4. The current statement materially understates training memory/throughput requirements.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
During each training epoch, `ListDataset` samples `nF` full-resolution images with replacement using per-image weights and extracts eight randomly sampled 800x800 pixel chips from every selected image (`-img_size` defaults to 32 x 25 = 800). The 64 chips produced by the default 8-image loader batch are trained in batches of 4. On hardware like an Nvidia GTX 1080 Ti, you can typically complete around 100 epochs per day.
```
